move
welcome to donald may I take your order
me and her will take a Big Mac I'll take
a mighty kids meal that will be twenty
dollars please thank you
what is taking them so long nobody
burger or starving I'm so hungry doesn't
excuse me oh yeah would need while we've
been waiting here for over 30 minutes
and you haven't got a food yet either
deny I fix this problem Bucky what is
going on everyone wants a meal but boss
I ran out of food what do you mean we
just got a package for food last night
well somebody must have snuck in and
stole it because it's not there Oh
everyone we're having a little problem
here um we ran out of food so you guys
have to leave oh yeah well we better go
then yeah
you